meal friends welcome to
next review to the old ex in europe
park yes the alps express in europe park
In Austria is a port coaster
there is no lift or completion but
The train has its own drive
board so that grabs the mug own
poster from 1984 whopping 45 km h
which he then over the 384 meters long
even two runs well
hidden lies the co-star totally
thematizes and even leads
wooden huts are passable and
a really close to the train
bring up
but the absolute highlight is like
already in the park check to europapark
The indoor area mentions these indoor
area is a cave in the up
In 1998 a dinosaur exhibition was held
but now it's a gemstone grotto
the except with the monastery also with the
tiroler wildwasserbahn is driven through
and even walkable is so cool should
you always saw me with that
Scan stopped with perfumes
further worked on totally thematized
many small things for light effects was
yes the coaster pops up and
has his lamps on the front and are the
Wasserbahn offered a bang check that easy
from there it goes in so cool
I can actually do more
not say because in such a horny and
successful topics what more do you want
say you just have to see that
there you have to go live and get that
look at
This is again world-class
And even a cushion comes at that time
super horny over even if you do not
want to drive's total package just sooo
cool and ever falls to rain
that is, I grab one now go to
home as dumb bake stupid here
So subscribe to let the channel
comment thumb up thumb down
He was you are the coolest I am
Out
until the next video I fly now
path
G